Let us start by finishing this service here and therefore to get place method.
I'm returning a single place here.
Now we'll have to change this since our places are managed and observable.
I want to return in observable here too.
So I will reach out to my places getter which returns a subscriber able subject as you learned and therefore
we can subscribe here now.
In the end I don't want as of drive in here though I want to get my latest list and we can do it as
we've take one as you learned in that pipe method.
Now the good thing is here and get place I now want to change this so did I return and observable of
places here as well simply to have a cleaner flow of data because our list of places is in an observable
I want to return a single observable here as well.
And every year I will return this place's pipe.
Take one but this would be the list of places where actually you would not even be that it would be
an observable to which we can subscribe.
Which then once you subscribe gives us that list of places because we basically have everything in place
except for the subscription.
That's the difference to the code down there.
Here we do subscribe up there.
We don't.
But I don't want to return that list of places I want to return a single place.
Good thing is we can add another operator for this.
We can add the filter operator.
This allows us to filter down our array but I don't actually want to filter it down.
I want to return exactly one element and therefore you could simply add map here.
What does map do.
I can use a map here as a second operator after take which means map.
Now we'll get what.
Take gives us.
Here we pass the function to map and that will be our array of places the array of places take one gives
us essentially.
And now I want to find only one of the places in there and returned it so I can remove my return statement
into debt.
Function pass to map here instead of this places I use just places which is my array of places I can
use that find logic I already had in place.
This day offer will return a javascript object and map then automatically wraps us in an observable
so did what we return overall here still isn't observable to which you can subscribe.
Now we're done with the service but now we need to change a couple of components.
Let's start with the offers page setting up our offers like this won't work because this places service
places does no longer yield an array of places.
Instead it's what it's dead subject it's said subscriber a subject which eventually will yield an array
of places.
So instead here we'll have to say this places service places subscribe to get our current list of places.
But here I will now not add take one because India offers page I always am when I get future updated
places lists.
So here I will subscribe and that gives me my places.
Then we can simply say this offers equal to places in here and important.
This has to be inside of this function you pass to subscribe because this function will be executed
whenever our list of places changes and then we can reassign that new list to our offers list here to
our offers array here which we use in that component and which we all see was in the template.
Now one thing you should do when working with our X J S when you're setting up your own subscription
for your own self managed subject and observable is.
So basically not things where you subscribe to anglers routing parameters but to your own subjects then
you should clear this subscription whenever the page is destroyed to a white memory leaks.
Therefore I'll add a new private property Laci's sub which is of type subscription.
Now this subscription thing needs to be imported from our X J S so from the same package subject stems
from and now with that added here we can store our subscription in it because subscribe actually returns
a subscription object.
So this place's sub is now equal to whatever a subscriber turns us and destroyed when the component
gets destroyed we should add the on destroy life cycle hook which is imported from at Angela core and
that forces us to add a new energy on destroy method here and there I'll check if this plays sub is
basically truest which means it was set then I will call this place a sub unsubscribe.
Now this is the pattern.
I will also add it might discover page there all the one to load my places not by assigning it like
this but instead since places is an observable by subscribing here.
I also want to know about future updates and therefore I will pass in my function here where I get my
places and I will set this loaded place as equal to places here and whenever my place is changed I will
know about it here.
Of course this code here where I basically get my my list of loaded places without the feature place
that should all be moved in here now just as before we should unsubscribe here.
So I will add a private property places sub which holds my subscription subscription is imported from
our X J S just as before and then we store our subscription your places.
Sup is equal to that and then we should add on destroy to clear dead when we're not in need of it anymore.
So add on destroy which is imported from at Angola court and then in your component somewhere at the
energy on destroy method and in there I'll check if this Laci's sub is a thing and if it is a thing
then I will call unsubscribe here.
Now we're fetching all the places in both offer and this cover.
Now we also fetch a single place in the place.
Detail page here.
So there we need to adjust the code as well.
Because if you check your place.
Service of course and get place where now all the returning and observable.
So in place detail loading a place like this won't work anymore instead it's now also an observable
and hence this place tourists get place.
Now all that gives us something we can subscribe to and in there we now get our place no place else
but a single place.
And therefore this place so our place here will now be equal to the place I'm getting here as an argument.
So the place we loaded justice before you want to clear up that subscription when you're not requiring
it anymore that for a year I will add my place sub which is of type subscription subscription just as
before of course needs to be imported from our exchanges.
So make sure you import subscription from our X J.S. and with subscription import that lets us sign
it in here.
Now you don't need to manage the root param map subscription that is coming from angular and angular
will take care for its lifecycle management but your own subscription you want to manage yourself so
let's store it here in place up and then at the on destroy interface which you import from the angular
core to make sure that you're forced to add energy on destroying this component somewhere.
Here for example.
And then there again I check if this place this place sup is a thing and if it is a thing then I call
this place sup unsubscribe.
Perfect.
Now last but not least let's have a look at the edit all for a page because there I'm also loading a
single place of course and therefore here we should adjust the code as well and definitely feel free
to pass the video at this point and try it on your own
I will simply call subscribe here get my single place and therefore call this place equals to place.
Now the whole forum which I initialize here which depends on the place should also be moved into this
observable function out for because I need my place here so I can only initialize the forum once I got
that place.
Then I want to add my private place sub here which is of type subscription and you want to import subscription
from our exchange just as before and all of Justice before ad D on destroy lifecycle hook interface
here from entering the core so that you are forced to use energy all and destroy to check if this place
sub is set and if it is set you want to call this place up and subscribe here in NGO and destroy.
And of course for this to work you should also save your subscription so this place up is equal to what
I subscribe to here with all that in place.
Let's save all these files and see if that works or if we overlooked something.
There seems to be an error in the offer booking page
we have a look at this file.
Yeah.
Here I'm also getting a single place and Anjan in it.
Of course that for he we should also justice.
So instead of getting our place like this we should subscribe here get all plays and that and its functions
at this place equal to place and justice before clear to subscription when we don't need it anymore.
So I had a private place sub here which is of type subscription subscription your subscription asked
before imported from our X J S on destroy added here from at Angola core and they are for with on destroy
Edit First of all we have to store our subscriptions of this place sub is equal to our subscription
we're setting up here and then we also add NGO and destroy here check if this place sub is set and if
it is set then we call unsubscribe on it and now we have that in place here as well for the offer booking
page.
So now let's see that looks better here I think we now go back to our application go to offers we add
a new place test.
Does this work we add our price here
this year and finish up the creation of our offered place.
Now we see it here the exact same scenario as before but now we can see our place here.
We all see it here because now with that subject driven approach even if this page never reloads we
set up that subscription when it loads initially and that subscription keeps on going even whilst we're
not seeing the page and hence when we add a new place all the subscribed parts of our application all
the subscriptions are updated and we can get our new list of places and do something with it there and
hence here I can also go to my add detail page where I see the title up there and I can start booking
my place here so that doesn't look too bad.
Let's now make sure we displayed a right dates here and let's maybe all the fake that Detroit Nation
off our date takes a little bit longer so that we can add a nice UI loading spinner.